Get your dirty hands off me
Failed Wu Yan
You can't be with this scumbag
I heard he sent someone to take you
Are you alright? Don't worry.
It's just a few auxiliary killers
I'm gonna be okay
Xiao Wuji
You are suspended animation
If I don't do this
How could you show fox magic in front of everyone?
Everyone, Jiang Wenxin intends to annex the Zhao family
False contract
Use wood
Mess my mind
summoned killer
Want to kill me
This wicked person
Its sin is now
Yao Wenxing is the young master of the dignified Jiang family
And will do such a dirty thing
I think you saw Mu Yan with him.
extreme
falsely accuse
Somebody kick this shameless man out for me
I see who dares
Xiaowuji
It seems that you are determined to make trouble
Today, Beihai dignitaries gather
Even if you are the Venerable Envoy of the Promise Palace
I'm going to lie down with you later
The so-called 60 billion project
It's actually a trap
Once the Zhao family signs the contract
Jiang Wenxin can take the opportunity to annex the entire Zhao Group
This is the detailed information.
See for yourself
It's really fake
Jiang Wenxing, why are you doing this?
I thought I did it perfectly.
How did you see through it?
Because you underestimated the power of Wuji Electric
When you approach Muyan
Your every move
It's already within my grasp